JumpCloud Directory Insights (Apps) (#5025)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2025-01-31-apps.md

---
title: JumpCloud Directory Insights (Apps)
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - apps
  - jumpcloud-directory-insights
hide_table_of_contents: true    
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<a href="https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/release-notes/rss-orange2.png')} alt="icon" width="50"/></a>

> We're excited to introduce the new JumpCloud Directory Insights app for Sumo Logic. This app provides a comprehensive visibility into authentication events, user activities, and security-related actions within your JumpCloud-managed environment. Analysts can track failed login attempts, privileged access changes, and account lockouts in real-time to improve security and ensure organizational policy compliance. [Learn more](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/jumpcloud-directory-insights/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to introduce the new JumpCloud Directory Insights app for Sumo Logic. This app provides a comprehensive visibility into authentication events, user activities, and security-related actions within your JumpCloud-managed environment. The pre-configured dashboards can help you to track failed login attempts, privileged access changes, and account lockouts in real-time to improve security and ensure organizational policy compliance. [Learn more](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/jumpcloud-directory-insights/).
```
